Well, good evening, family, and good
morning to some.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
Well, we're going to pray tonight, and
I won't take a lot of your time. I
tried last night
not to, but
I told you, if I don't feel
the Holy Spirit and the
presence of the Lord on a video, and
it's flat like it was last night, that
was embarrassing.
It was like
tilling soil that was so
dry. I told Diana after it was over, I
said, "I don't know what that was, but
that was not the
Lord."I
could feel it, and I was
pulling with everything I had, but
there was no flow.
You know what, it just shows how
human I really am. I guess you know
this is about Jesus. This isn't about
Brandon. And I've always told you, if I
don't feel the glory and I don't feel
the anointing, we're just going to end
it right there. I prayed for an
hour, and I pulled the video because
there was no fruit. I didn't want you to
waste your time watching it.
So I told D, I said,
"You know what, it just shows... I
wanted
you all to see it."It just
shows how human we are. People go,
"Well, Brandon, it's this and
that."I'm
telling you, we're just human.
We've got stuff we're
pulling through just like you all are.
And it's amazing.
I think sometimes even with that
going on a live, and there were 20,000
people on there, I told her, I said,
"Boy, it sure strips your
flesh."So,
all glory to Jesus. This is always
about Jesus.
As we were praying last night, Diana and
I, she said, "Brandon, I feel we need to
read this
book."And
we stayed
up until the wee hours of the morning.
She read to me for hours last night
and
went over God's Generals. I bought
this myself. It's just a book
that stood out to me.
Yeah.
God's Generals: Why They Succeed and
Why Some Fail.
And it was because of that right
there: why some fail. What does that
mean?
She started reading, and we were reading
it. Like I said, it was in the
morning. The
sun started coming up. And I said,
"I can't get enough. I want you to
keep reading."She goes, "Brandon, I'm
so tired."I said, "I want you to keep
reading. This is really helping me,
going over the generals, the people that
we respect, the
drama in
their
life."It
really goes over some
of the
things that, you know, if
they said that about us, it would be
kind of embarrassing.
But it just shows real
authentic
mistakes they made and
their successes.
It's not just the highlights;
it shows their story.
What I liked about it is that
it's 12 people in one
book. You get the
CliffsNotes version; it's
condensed from their birth
to when they went home to be with Jesus.
It
shows it all.
Yeah,
that's
essential oil. This is essential oils. So,
to let you all know, this is
a
peppermint stick,
and
I've still been coughing. I don't
want to cough on the
mic.
It's salt and peppermint. It's a
breathe-easy
thing. It's
actually really good.
It helps me a lot. I really appreciate
it. Diana found that and she said,
"Brandon, I think this will be good for
you."She
got it
on Amazon so I can breathe it in,
and it's full of peppermint and
salts.
So, I don't know, it seems to help.
So we went over John G.
Lake and some of what he
did.
Every single one of these ministers went
home—a
lot of them that we read about
last night went home before they were 70
years old.
Tragically.
But it was amazing to see the struggles
and
the things that they went through.
If most of us went through it,
we
would quit.
John G. Lake's wife died, and he had
seven kids, and he kept going
in
ministry. He had seven children first,
and then he got remarried later on, but
he lost his wife. She starved to
death from malnutrition.
And it's just the stories of these
generals of old. You go, "Whoa.
Yeah. Whoa."They walked with God
mightily. So much so that they would
change Portland, Oregon. He talked
about
having
a little hospital there where they prayed
for the sick. They didn't practice
modern medicine at all. They just prayed
for the sick, and they got so many
people healed by the power of God. Over
100,000 documented miracles.
Some of them were so severe; they
had
the
dead raised. So we went through John G.
Lake's life and all the things that he
did with the bubonic plague, putting it
in his hand and the virus
burning
up in the middle of his hand.
They said that he put his hand on a
woman that had a tumor, and the fire
of God went out so intensely
that
his hand imprinted inside of
that tumor and melted it
from the radiation of the glory of God.
And I was
just like, "Oh my gosh, these
stories."I told
Diana.
But then it told how
tragically
they went home,
the challenges. I wanted
to go over what Smith Wigglesworth said.
Smith
Wigglesworth—if
anybody doesn't know about that man,
he was a man that walked with God, too.
Smith Wigglesworth was a mighty man of
God, and he lived for
years.
But the moment he realized that people
were looking at him
as the glory source,
he said... Read one comment,
love. Okay,
read it as loud as you can because your
voice is...
It says he was saddened in the last
month of his life as he commented,
"Today in my mail, I had an invitation
to Australia, one to India and Ceylon,
and one to America. People have their
eyes
on me."Sadly, he began to weep.
"Poor Wigglesworth, what a failure to
think that people have their eyes on me.
God will never share his glory
with
another. He will take me from the
scene."And
then seven days later,
he went home. It goes to tell the
story. He
said,
"Sadly, they have their eyes on
me."And
the moment people start giving man
the glory, God will not share his glory
with anyone. As she read this book,
this is exactly what the Lord has been
dealing with us privately about. Things about
the glory, things about the next level,
things about what's about to happen in
this earth that you've never seen
before. Remember how many times
I
have told you all that if
you take the glory from the Father... We
have this treasure in earthen vessels,
that the excellency of the power will be
of Him
and not of us. We have a
treasure,
and we have to do like
Kathryn
always says, Billy Burke always... all
the people that we look up to say,
"Listen, you attract to
deflect."How
many times have we talked about
attracting to deflect the glory?
And the Lord said, what's about to
happen in this earth,
what you're about to see, ladies and
gentlemen, what the body of Christ is
about to walk in,
no man will get the glory for what's
about to happen. It will always be about
Him.
This channel
shows, even last
night with how terrible that prayer
session was, that it's not about Brandon.
I can't do this.
This is all about Him.
Last night really showed me. Brandon
even went off thinking, "Well, Lord,
are you going to show up?"He's like, "You
don't understand. I don't need you. You
need me.
I don't need you, Brandon. You need me
at all times."No matter how big you
think—well,
there's 20,000 people here,
surely the Lord's going to show
up and I'm going to feel his
presence—when
I'm praying, it was dry. I thought, man, because I
used to
do
videos like this
with D, and we would do
take after take after take.
But we've noticed whenever we do the
lives, I can feel the glory of the Holy Spirit
come in this room. But for the
first time ever last night, I was doing
that, and it was like
walking in cotton. It was bad.
I
could
see Braden on the other side, and his eyes
were
as big as saucers. He was like,
"Daddy,"because
he knows when the
anointing's in the room, you can
feel the glory come in.
But
it was not there. He
was
looking at me, and I was looking at him, and
I could see him on the other side. He
was gesturing
like that, and
I was
like, "Yeah, that's
exactly it."But I was like, "Well, you
keep treading water here; maybe He'll
show up."And that's why I said, "We're
ending this
thing."Because
this isn't a Brandon show. This
isn't a Diana show, and I want you all
to know that. Even last night
proved it.
We have a treasure in an earthen
vessel,
that the excellency of the power
is of Him and not of us.
And that's what He tried to tell me all
last week. He keeps telling me,
"Brandon, the anointing is about to
increase.
The anointing is about to increase on the
church. You're about to see something
that you've never seen before.
It's time to expect God to show up and
show off in your
life."And
that's what He told me. He said,
"Brandon, I don't need you.
You need Me.
Let's make that clear.
The glory isn't about you; it's about
Me.
You and the visions and the things I
show you are to bring forth to the
people, to bring pinpoint target
prayers."But
ladies and gentlemen, He can use any
one of you.
The moment you ever think, "Well,
it's about me, and boy, the gifts are on
me, and boy, I can come on here
and we'll just make it happen,
Captain,"the
Lord says, "Well, the
switch ain't on, brother.
What are you going to do
now?"And
that's what I told her. I said,
"Well,
close it down."That's what I did.
Because
the moment I told you, I said, "If the glory
is
not there, it isn't about
me."And
that's why I always make sure I
check myself. And that's what it was
about last night. But
as we read this book about
the generals of faith,
God's generals, and how they failed,
every single one of them went home
early.
They didn't take care of their temples.
They either had problems with something,
but they went home early. And going
home before seventy years old is tragic, in my
opinion. That's way too young.
Some of them were fifty-five. One was
thirty-eight
years old.
Jack Coe was thirty-eight years old.
He died of obesity, polio,
exhaustion,
and eating bad.
And he had so many
documented miracles. His tent was full. Thirty
thousand
people were getting saved at a
time in a tent.
But he followed the voice of God, and
people were getting touched radically by
this man's ministry.
Oh my goodness, his story! He went
through hard times. His daddy was a
gambler, and he was dropped off at an
orphanage, living there for
eight years after his mother just abandoned
him. He lived through
a lot.
And then, I didn't know that
he started his own orphanage later
on in his ministry,
which was amazing. They had two
hundred
children at
one
time, and
they taught them about the Lord,
took them to church, and raised them up
right with
the
baptism of the Holy Ghost.
Amazing.
Brother Hagin gave him a word that most
people didn't know about and talked
about walking. What did I tell you is one of
the major things the Lord said?
He said how you treat the brethren,
walking in love. It's one of the major
pillars in ministry: how do you
treat your brethren and walk in love
with your fellow brethren?
And that's what brother Hagin talked
about. But even whenever he was talking
about the glory gold dust on his hands,
and it came on the meetings, Jack Coe
even said the glory would come on... I
don't remember. There are so many we
read about last time,
I don't
remember which one it was. Somebody
was
talking about the glory dust.
A.A.
Allen? I don't remember.
Was it AA Allen? It was one of them.
One of them was talking about the
glory dust coming on their hands, and
R.W.
Schambach was with them,
and
it was
AA
Allen. And they didn't
ever want to talk about it because they
didn't want to give the glory to
themselves. It was always to deflect the
glory to the Lord.
It came on everybody but him.
Oh, that's what it was. Everybody in the
meeting got it other than him
because
it deflected the glory. A.A. Allen
was the only one that didn't
experience it, but everybody else in the
congregation experienced it. That
was with that one. But brother
Hagin
was talking about it last night on
another sermon we were listening to. He said,
"The oil and the glory came out of my
hands, but I never talked about it
because it was bringing attention to
me."He
was always so careful
to always give God all the praise. So,
where I'm going with all
this—there's
a reason I'm saying all this. We
are in a time where the Lord said to us
that we're about to see and experience
the supernatural, that walking in the
supernatural will be as easy as taking a
breath. Walking in the supernatural will
be as easy as a bird flying in the
air or a fish swimming in the water.
We would experience the outpouring
of the former and the latter rain
together, and we're about to see the
greatest creative
miracle-working
power and financial
outpouring that we've ever seen before.
And it's time to start to believe Him
for your supernatural and an expiration
date for what you've been believing for.
It's time to believe Him for big.
As we crossed over into the twenty-third, the
Lord told us, "This is the point of no
return."And
we can feel it. I said,
"It's tangible, Diana. It's tangible
every day until last
night."And
I said, "Whoa, well,
okay."But
as we are driving around,
experiencing and praying over our city,
praying over our family, doing all that
we do, we just know that we're on the
verge of something major—something major,
something
biblical is about to happen to you,
something big. It's time to believe Him
for
big—for
your marriages, for your children,
for creative
miracles, for all. He even told me,
"Brandon, are you believing for
big?"He
keeps challenging me.
But He even said to us, "Brandon,
remember, stay small in your
own eyes."As this ministry grows, as all these
things happen, watch what God is about
to do, ladies and gentlemen. And as we
prayed, He even brought it up.
He said, "Do you understand
the power of prayer
as it was for one man?
Abraham
stood in the gap for Lot and his
family.
One man. It didn't take an army
of people. One man; God used one man.
And he's standing in the gap saying,
"Hey, will you spare Sodom and Gomorrah
for fifty?"And God is like, "You know what?
Sure, whatever.""Well, what if you do it for
a little bit less?"And it was Lot and his
family, that was all there,
but he was interceding. And God sent His
angels
to go and get his family out of there and
say,
"Listen, you better get out of
here quick, boy. This whole thing
is
going to get burned
up."But
God, who is rich in mercy... And even
in the midst, his wife turns back and
looks at it. He said, "Don't
look back,"and she turned back into a
pillar of
salt.
But my point is, what I'm trying to tell
you all, is that as we are
praying—how
all of us together, not just Brandon, but as
a family—He
said, "I've joined
My elites on this channel,
Brandon. I've put My best—My great
prayer warriors are coming, and they're
assembling together on this channel. And
when you pray together on a live stream,
you're changing things."So, here
we saw... I told you, I said, "I see a major
volcano going off. I've
seen major hurricanes coming and
messing up
Miami."He
even gave me a date, and I went over
that again. He said, "Brandon, it'll be
toward the end of September. You're
going to see major hurricanes, and one
will try to hit Miami, and it will be
major—the
destruction will be as
great as Katrina:
that much flooding, that much
devastation, like it's parking and
just
dumping the water in it."I saw people
swimming in the streets. I saw great
devastation.
But as we prayed and I brought it to
you, the Lord said, "Don't you realize
you have power and authority as
believers?
We have another category five."I told you
it
went right up beside it and pulled that
hurricane out over and off of
Florida.
I told the Lord, "My
goodness, Lord,
as we bring these things, as we see, as
we hear, as we know that He's telling us
these things—some of
it is
warnings to prepare,
but a lot of it is to pray to
stop things."So, this is where I'm
going next. We told you all about the
terrorist attacks, praying over things,
and
about them communicating secretly.
That was all uncovered in New York City
with 100,000 SIM cards. But we have
these dear brothers and sisters
praying in South Korea for America. Yes.
Tell them about it, babe. Yes. I got an
email from someone in South Korea, and
they said they talk
up
real loud.
They said, "I'm praying together with
you
and your channel, and I send a greeting
from South Korea with gratitude and the
love of
Jesus."They
said they saw the video
encouraging us to pray for a terrorist
attack not to occur in the ten cities in
the US, including New York, and they
listed all of them. So, from that week
before to the week after, 30 people from
the church that I belong to joined in a
relay fasting prayer,
and the Lord gave them visions
in their church. They were
singing
in the
Spirit, praying for us
and
our country, and
they were saying thank you.
Then they said they were encouraged
when they saw it in the news that
the Secret Service had
found all that they were praying
over for us over in South Korea. And so
they said, "And thank you for praying.
Although we don't live in the US, we
take the prayer requests seriously, and
we want to let you know that we are
praying together
diligently."And
they fasted.
Yeah, they fasted with 30 people. They
did a relay fasting, and they were all
fasting together for this,
knowing that God answers, and that others
praying with us brings us great joy
and courage. So, he was writing on
behalf of his whole church, saying
that they saw the short we posted saying
we're
praying that China won't take
over Korea and Taiwan, and that prayer
can stop this. It brought tears
to their eyes, and they were saying
they're excited that we're praying for
them and that they're praying with us.
They said, "We pray together, sharing
that the peace of America is linked to
the peace of Israel, Korea, and the
world, and I earnestly pray that God
will watch over us all, our families,
and everybody."It's
just amazing
that
people would assemble like that, praying
and believing God, and they're having
visions. The Lord is showing them in
the Spirit about more attacks
and about praying over Washington, D.C.
They're seeing
very detailed things by the
Spirit of God, interceding for our
country.
Yes.
And it's just such a blessing when they
fast together, 30 of them, all South
Korean people. I just thought, "What
a
blessing!"But
all
of His people joining up and praying
from all over the world, we're in
unity, and there's so much power.
We're making such an impact with that;
it's all hands on deck. Yes, yes.
Like you
said, just
giving all glory to Jesus,
because I see
the effects of prayer.
We see it.
We had that 5.9
earthquake outside of Oregon's coastline two
or three
days ago.
And
you know, that's a pretty
good-sized
one, but I've told you I've seen one
bigger. I've seen one that is going
to be quite devastating with a volcano
going off. We see these things, with a
major shaking in British Columbia,
and the Lord showed us that there
would be over 30,000 people perish that
day whenever we were praying into that.
So, we see this. Braden, did you
show them? Braden always has all
kinds of really cool clips; he studies
things.
He's amazing.
Yeah, so thankful for Braden; he's
such a gift and helps us out.
I'm not tech-savvy at all, as you
can tell, but I'm telling you Braden is
good at stuff.
We're
blessed to have
him.
Yeah. So, that earthquake
happened, a 5.9 earthquake happened
right outside, just where I told you it
would. It happened exactly like the Lord
said, but it's not the big one yet.
It's happening right there in that spot.
That's not a coincidence. This is a
warning—major
warnings. I want you to
go, Braden, to what was said about what
I told you. Remember, I told you all Canada
was about to have great persecution on
the church and on what we
would consider our First Amendment
rights here in America to be able to say
what we want to say. But I said, as the
olive press on the people, you're going
to see an olive press—an olive press
that would press upon the olives. And I
said, in the days ahead, your
freedoms will be challenged in Canada.
Well, this came out today, and I want you
to see what Canada's
government is saying about gun laws.
First, they have to disarm you. And
remember what I told you? I
said they're coming after the Second
Amendment
in America eventually. This is
what's going to happen. I saw a plan for
mass shootings and mass chaos, and
these things about churches, about a major
shaking in the church, and here we have
this going to take place
in Canada. Now, they have from October
of this year to October of 2026,
and listen to what they say. Can you
play that video, baby?
This is what happened today: "Why are
you saying it's
voluntary? How is this
program
voluntary, but after the amnesty ends,
people are not in compliance with
the law? So, how is this truly
voluntary?""So,
Canadians starting in Cape Breton
today will be able to enroll in
the program, be able to get compensated
if they were to turn their firearm in,
or they will be able to get compensation
if they deactivate and confirm that it's
deactivated with a deactivation certificate.
So, it is strictly voluntary. Nobody
is
being forced to undertake the buyback
program for
10 years.""Well,
the expectation is that
they will comply. And the order in
council, as you know, is being
extended from this October to October
of 2026. So, there is a one-year window.
Our expectation is that law-abiding
citizens will abide by the law, and
beyond that, the police with jurisdiction
are
tasked to implement the
criminal code.""If Canada is
a rule of law,
why did you offer to pay someone the
difference in compensation and bail them
out of jail? You're a minister.
Why'd
you say that?""Let's maybe put
this in context."So,
the
bottom line is they're giving you
until October of 2026 to give them your
guns—all
your guns in Canada. And if
you don't, it's against the law, and
you'll basically go to jail if
you have one.
So,
a disarming of the people,
because you cannot rule and
dictate over people who are armed.
Do you understand? And that's why I
said this is what happens right before
the Antichrist starts taking over,
because I said America becomes disarmed.
Remember, I warned you all when I
went to tribulation. The only people who
had firearms were the farmers;
nobody had a lot of
guns. I remember because people
ask me, they said, "Brandon, didn't you see them
defending themselves with
firearms?"I
said, "No, there was a disarmament
coming."And
people always say, "That'll
never happen in America. That'll never
happen in Canada; they need it up
there for hunting."They say,
"That would
never happen in
Australia."That'll
never happen in China or
whatever. I don't know if they ever had
it, but I'm just saying
this is part of the phase and it's
happening just like I told you. I said
persecution's coming.
You won't be able to say what you want
to say soon.
And it's just like it's happening with
all this
with the passports and the digital IDs.
This right here is about Europe. And I
want you to see this. Europe said that
they won't even allow you into certain
of
their countries. Listen to this right
here.
Planning a trip to Europe?
You're going to have to hand over way
more than your passport when you get
there. As part of a new entry-exit
system, visitors to most European
countries will have to provide four
fingerprints and a facial photo at a
self-operated kiosk. The information
will be stored for three years with the
photo being used for ID verification on
later visits. Travelers who refuse to
provide their biometric data will be
denied entry.
The goal of the program is to enhance
security and speed up border crossings.
It is said the new system is set to be
rolled out over six months starting in
October and applies to 29 countries
including popular destinations like
France, Italy, and Spain. If you're
planning a trip to Europe, you're
going to have to...
So again, October next, this month,
all October. I said what will happen
after the 23rd? A great acceleration
of everything.
Everything will start to speed up after
the 23rd. People go, 'What happened
after the 23rd?'Look, it's happening.
Like a frog in a pot being boiled. Do
you see? It's all accelerating. It's
happening. It's right now. He said, 'As
labor pains upon a woman, so will it
be.'Look
at what's happening. October,
October, October. It's like boop boop
boop. And it's all after the
UN and all the things that are
being said
for Israel. So the next thing we see is
Trump allowing Ukraine to shoot
long-range missiles into Russia
with drones.
This is a major deal.
So they can touch way deep into Russia
now. They're going to be able to touch.
So, is that going to escalate things? I
told you I saw an escalation of war
coming
as we see this.
I'm just telling you all this
is—it's
going to be like the Lord said it
would be, like dominoes.
It was going to start being like
dominoes,
and we're going to see it move
faster and faster and faster and faster
and faster,
the end-time events
as digital ID becomes mandatory in
the United Kingdom and in Sweden.
People say, 'Brandon, should I get the
digital ID?
Should I resist
it?'I
said, 'It's going to start out on
your cell phone
first.'But
if they're trying, not putting the chip
inside your hand yet or your forehead, I
still would resist it. But I'm saying you're
going
to have to have it. But as long
as it's not being put inside your
person,
I'd say the phone's okay.
I mean, if you have to work.
But as soon as this happens, we know
that this all comes when
the Antichrist is here.
I don't believe we're going to see that
before the Antichrist steps on the
scene. This is
steps moving. Yes, it's preparation
getting you ready for it.
It's all coming in a line.
It's all happening, getting people
desensitized.
Yes. Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and
gentlemen.
Do you understand?
Many of you are not ready.
Many of you are just doing life as
status quo. There's no urgency. He said,
'In my
church,'the
Lord said to me, 'Brandon, there's
no urgency.
Many of them are going
through their Monday through Friday work
with their head down, just trying to
make ends meet, just trying to provide
for their family. But you don't
want to know what's going on until
something major happens, like what
happened in
Michigan this weekend last
Sunday with the guy going in there and
running his truck through the church and
hurting all those people.
This was what the Lord showed me was
going to start escalating:
major events, major sporting events,
major gatherings. Praying over
this. But I saw Erica, the young
girl, Charlie's wife, having major
revival services and they all
were wearing white t-shirts and
these youth were all in
these major auditoriums. And the Lord
said, 'Instead of being sporting events
in the days ahead, Brandon, you're about
to see glory events,
and a major revival will break out in
California
and
the Hollywood Hills and the
celebrities and a major move of
God.'A
major move of God. But the Lord
said, 'I've assembled you together to
pray over America's
midterm.'And
it happened on...
they all were wearing white at one of
those football... Is it a football game?
That's Penn State. Yeah,
that was Penn State. They all were, and
even
Bern,
who's... Oh, yeah.
That's cool. I wish you could
show that on there. They were all
wearing the white shirts. The
PSU-Oregon
game. The PSU-Oregon game. They
all wore white shirts. But you can send it
to me if you want.
Just amazing to see when you're seeing
in the spirit it's coming to pass. Then
Starbucks says today we're closing
down all these stores and I told you
there's something coming with the
coffee.
Remember
I said I saw something coming with the
coffee beans. There's something coming
with the coffee.
Well,
Starbucks is saying all this and I'm
like, is this the pre-run for the
coffee beans and all the things the Lord
showed me about coffee?
Does anybody remember about the coffee?
I said, there's something coming about
coffee.
It's in the news today. They're
laying off thousands of people.
Thousands. Closing
I don't know how many hundred stores
nationwide. Like with thousands of
stores.
I think it was under a thousand.
I think it was like 940
stores. Okay. So, a thousand stores.
But thousands of employees. So,
you're either going to get a
compensation package or you'll have to
go and transfer to another store.
But the point is
that we're seeing about the coffee.
The Lord's warning us there's something
with the coffee.
He even warned us about CarMax.
So, I drove by CarMax.
Hey, in the days ahead there's
major shaking. Play that video.
I saw loans on cars and houses
defaulting.
Defaulting. Major defaulting coming.
He talked to me about the used car
market,
warning me about a certain CarMax.
I drove by it and I heard CarMax
in trouble. What does that mean? I don't
know. I just keep driving. I'm like... I
told my brain, 'Dude,'I said,
'What?'I
heard CarMax's in trouble.
What is that?
And I saw interest rates on car loans
and things with the economy.
Do you have anything about CarMax? The
little article.
You may not have it up ready. I threw
you on the spot, son. I'm sorry.
This is just encouraging.
This is just encouraging us because
we're praying over this stuff.
This isn't, like I said, this
isn't drawing attention to Brandon.
This is to deflect the glory to Jesus
cuz I can't do this.
This guy's on YouTube and
this is what they're saying about
CarMax.
CarMax's stock crashed by 20% in just
one day. Their stock price just hit the
lowest it has been since March of
2020. So what happened? Well, they just
released their earnings and they were an
absolute disaster. And this is sending
major warning signs to the car market
and the entire US economy. All right, so
let's talk about what happened. Well,
CarMax was actually expecting to
increase their sales for the quarter.
And what happened was actually the
inverse. They ended up declining their
sales by over 6%. That is huge. And
what's very interesting about this is
their average
revenue—you
see,
the Lord's telling us this
stuff way before it happens.
So, and then he warned us about... and
this is not financial advice. I have to
say this. This is not financial advice.
I'm just telling you what I see. And
then he says, 'You'll see silver
increase.'And
you see that and it's an
all-time high.
I had people say, 'Did you not see the
increase of silver?'And I said, 'I
don't pay attention to that
stuff.'He
said, 'The increase of silver is
at an all-time
high.'But
I told you a number, and I said,
'This is what I saw in the spirit as I'm
praying.'The
Lord said this—like I
said, not financial advice, just my
opinion—that
it went well over $70 in
the days ahead, really quick.
It's almost at 50 bucks. We're not too
far from what he said.
The things the Lord shows us, he tells
us to prepare us.
And I think that's interesting
as we saw an all-time high. So, does it
tank before then? I don't know.
It could totally rock bottom
and go back down to like 12
bucks an ounce. I don't think it will,
in my opinion, but if
it does,
it's a buying opportunity for some
people. Do you see? It's going, it's doing
what the Lord said it would do. The
markets are fluctuating, doing
things. There'll be great highs,
there'll be great lows, there'll be
great shakeouts, there'll be great all
this stuff. So, I think it's interesting
as we pray
and you go,
'Wow,'because
I had no idea, because I don't follow
all this stuff. I don't have time
until somebody brings up an article and
says, 'Brandon, look.'And I'm like,
'Well, I'll be.'And I told her, I
said, 'Well, my goodness, look at that.
I didn't know about Starbucks. I didn't
know about the stuff that the Lord
said, "Watch Starbucks."'Remember that:
watch Starbucks. A lot of y'all out here
are great researchers. There's a lot of
great... Yeah.
Oh, that's fine. It's just a green
screen.
A lot of researchers.
So, we bring all that to you to
encourage you,
not to brag or say, 'Oh, look at
us,'but
to say, 'Listen, we're on the right
road.
It's not flaky.'Maybe
it encouraged
you that
we're praying right,
that we're seeing things in the news,
that the Lord warned us that these
things were going to come
and he's trying to prepare us, that we
don't get weary in well-doing. We
keep pushing. We keep praying.
It's working. Prayer's changing
things, right? It's awesome. It's
happening. So, I want to encourage you
all to keep on keeping on. Even
whenever
you don't see things, like I
said, we see things happening and
it's just like, 'Wow, Lord. What you've
called us and you've assembled us for
such a time as this.'And so, when he
says, 'I want you to pray into the
revival that's about to take place.
I want you to pray for the youth and the
college campuses, and all
of the protection over the tailgate
parties.
I want you to pray over the major
churches. I want you to pray over the
election in 2026
that they don't try
to rig it, that this is too big to rig
again, that Donald Trump,
they'll set things in motion, that our
government won't shut down, that there's
protection over our president and his
son and his
grandchildren.'That's
what he's called us to do.
And I just wanted to be
encouraging today. I brought those out
and Braden shows me all this
stuff that's going on and I just go,
'Wow.
Wow, Braden, that's cool, man.'So,
you want
to take communion with us,
baby?
Braden,
you can have this. Is there any
more articles that you saw? What is that
that you want to show?
'Former
FBI agent warns out...'Okay, go ahead
and play that. Can you show—is that a
video? Yeah, I
haven't
watched
it.
Oh, you hadn't watched it,
but I saw the article.
Okay, well, you can put it up there. Can
they see it?
'A former FBI agent...'What is it talking
about? A former FBI agent warns that
al-Qaeda, now led by Osama bin Laden's
son, is plotting imminent terrorist
attacks in Miami and Houston. So,
he's a former FBI agent warning
everybody that al-Qaeda is planning
imminent attacks in Miami and Houston.
According to him, as many as a thousand
al-Qaeda
operatives—a
thousand al-Qaeda operatives.
What did I tell you? There were
ten
cities.
What did I tell you? What we saw:
ten
major cities with a hundred men per
city.
It's right there in the news:
ten
cities
with a hundred men per city.
And so, we see Houston, I warned you;
Miami, we told you;
Washington, D.C.,
New York City, Chicago,
Boston, Massachusetts, Philadelphia,
LA, and I believe
I even saw—I guess it was more than
that,
more than ten cities. There were
big cities, and then there were
small ones like Omaha, Nebraska.
I saw little stuff, little things.
And the Lord said, 'Don't always pay
attention just to the big
ones.'And
that's when he brought up the Timothy
McVeigh thing.
He said, 'Don't forget Timothy
McVeigh.''Don't
forget Timothy
McVeigh.'That's
what he said to us. Remember, that
was
back in January.
And so, I told you all I saw trucks full
of fertilizer,
full of fertilizer,
vans, semi-trucks,
and they were doing it a little
at a time. And I warned you all about
this stuff,
and I said, 'You must
pray.'And
that went viral. That video that I
did went viral, over, I think,
a million hits on that, warning
people. So, believing God
that all these people would
come together and intercede.
So, that's what we're going to do
tonight,
and we're going to pray together and
we're going to intercede for all these
things that we're
seeing and praying over. And
if the Lord wants to show us more
stuff, then fine. If he don't, fine.
Like I said, it's exciting to
see in the news that we're praying in the
right direction.
So, what is it? 'Trump signs executive
order to harness AI in fight against
cancer.'Look,
show them that.
'Trump signs executive order to harness
AI and fight against childhood
cancer.'I
said a cure for cancer is coming.
The Lord said a cure for cancer is
coming.
It will be a thing of the past in the
days ahead
along with Alzheimer's, autism,
dementia,
and other diseases that have plagued
humanity for decades.
And the Lord said it will become a
thing of the past.
So, don't be surprised if we
hear it
pretty quick, because I told you I saw
them just putting things in a
computer, and just in a matter of
seconds, they had the answer to
everything that was through this new
industrial revolution.
And he said it will be such
an acceleration of things that you'll be
like,
'Technology we have today is actually
old.
The answers we have today are actually
weeks behind because it takes them a
while to read through all the paperwork
and all this stuff.'Because AI is evolving,
and the Lord said this is what we
have—like
chat GPT and stuff is old news,
this is old school. I saw supercomputers
that were so advanced that you could put
stuff in there—mathematical equations,
things solving
things—and
it was over, and it was
mind-blowing, the knowledge and the
information, the download of
everything. Did you see
that thing Apple's doing? You
put the earbud ear thing in your ear
and I can hear you in another
language. We can talk and
communicate with each other and just
have the ear pod in our ears.
Language barrier is going to be a thing
of the past. Well, you speak Spanish, I
speak English, I can't hear you—put the
ear pod in there, it's like that. And
then all of a sudden, I can understand
everything you're saying and you can
understand me, and we're talking back and
forth having a conversation and the
thing's translating right in my ear.
Folks, that's over the top.
I'm like,
'Tower of Babel, are you kidding
me?'No
more. There's no language barrier
anymore. It's like we'll all just be
able to talk all the time.
It's amazing.
Did anybody see that about the
EarPod?
You can play it if you want.
I don't want to draw this too far out
because
they're going to end up wanting to
go to bed. Yeah.
So, but
they can look it up. You can look
it up. And it's just a whole translation
thing.
It's just really cool.
So, Father, we just thank you, Father,
for your body.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you're
showing us.
Father, we thank you. We give you the
glory.
Thank you, Lord, that we stay small in
our own eyes and we just keep focusing
on you.
And we're so excited that you're using
us for such a time as this. And this
prayer group is becoming... we're
able to really change things with the
power of prayer. We're doing this.
When we gather together,
one of us can put a thousand to flight.
Just think of how many we're putting
together as a group.
Thousands of us putting together.
We're just steamrolling the devil.
He goes, "Oh no, they're praying
again."I
want him to be scared. "Oh no,
they're praying
again."Not
just all Rambo and by yourself, but
they're coming together as a body like
Tommy Hicks'vision. The giant is rising
up
and saying, "We've had enough of you,
devil. We're taking back. We're taking
our authority. We're taking our dominion,
and we're going to come for you. We're coming
back and we're taking everything you
stole.
We will not stand idly by and allow our
kids to go to hell.
We're not going to stand idly by and
watch our loved ones go to hell.
We're going to bring them out of the
depth of the darkness, and we're bringing
them into the light. And we're telling
them that Jesus loves them and he has a
plan for their life
because the eyes of their understanding
are going to be flooded with light
because Satan has blinded the eyes of
the unbeliever.
So we take authority over those eyes
tonight
and we take communion over our unsaved
loved
ones'eyes.
And we thank you, Lord, that you took
all of it on the cross for us. You
became sickness for us. You became sin
for us. You became poor for us. And
through your poverty, through your
sickness, through all of that, Father,
you took it all on for us. You
delivered us.
Thank you, Lord, that we are believing
believers that believe that we're
redeemed from the curse of the law.
According to Galatians, Christ has
redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And we take this body in the name of
Jesus. And we thank you, Lord, for your
healing, for the deliverance. And we
call ourselves blessed. We call
ourselves well in
Jesus'name—mentally,
physically, financially,
emotionally, all of it. Be made whole in
Jesus'name.
That's what we do.
I take the body
now. Lord, we plead the blood and we're
believing believers. Father, I thank you.
We make much of the blood. The
blood makes much of us. You said, "If
you confess your sins, you are faithful
and just to forgive us of our sins and
cleanse us from all
unrighteousness."follow,
I thank you, Lord. We confess
it today. We've probably messed up in
some way, but Lord, I thank you, Lord,
that it's under the blood.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our
households.
minds. We plead the blood of Jesus over
our emotions.
Thank you, Lord, that we're rising up
and we're becoming better Christians
every day by you, by the word. We
get that word down inside of us and it
changes us from the inside out.
Thank you, Father, for the word.
Thank you, God, for the
saving knowledge of Jesus Christ,
that we don't have to go to hell. To be
absent from the body is to be present
with the Lord.
And I thank you, Father, that we take
the blood right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you. We give you all the
glory, honor, and praise for all that
you've done and all that you continue to
do
in Jesus'name. Amen. Take the blood.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that you've redeemed us
from the curse.
Thank you, Lord, that we're healed and
whole and well.
Thank you, Lord, for Deuteronomy 28 and
Galatians
and
for all the word that you've given us,
Father, that we can stand on it.
And we're believing believers that
believe that we're redeemed.
We're believing believers that believe
that we're healed. We're believing
believers that believe that we're
prosperous, that we don't have to go
through poverty.
Thank you, Lord. According to
Deuteronomy 28, we're blessed in the
city and the field, coming in and going
out. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
they'll come at us one way and flee
before us seven.
That, Father, in Psalm 91, a
thousand shall fall at your side and
10,000 at your right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh us.
Father, we're so grateful for your word,
for all that you've done for us tonight.
Thank you, Father, for books, for
literature, Father, to educate us,
Father, that we don't make mistakes like
our forefathers did.
That, Father, we learn from the past and
don't keep repeating ignorance.
But, Father, we honor you and we come up
underneath you, Father, and we just
sit at your feet and say, "Jesus, here we
are. Use us. Send us. Do something
with our lives, God. If you can do
something with this life, use me.
If you can use me, Lord, if you can use
me, if I can help you in any way, Lord,
I thank you, Lord, that you help.
You'll
use me for your greater glory. Use
Diana. Use these people behind this
screen tonight. Use them, Father,
for the harvest is plentiful and the
laborers are few.
Now, Father, we claim in the name of
Jesus Christ every unsaved loved one to
be underneath the saving
knowledge of the Lord Jesus. Father, I
thank you, Lord, right now that you send
ministering
angelic hosts to protect, to guide,
to bind back the devil. We bind back the
devil off of their eyes, for Satan has
blinded the eyes of the unbelievers, and
we call them
born again. We call them saved. We call
them delivered in the name of Jesus.
We call our unsaved wives, unsaved
husbands, unsaved children, maybe a
grandfather, a grandmother, an uncle,
an aunt,
cousins—we
call them born again in
Jesus'name.
Father, I thank you that you said in
your word that you don't want that any
man should perish, but all to come to
repentance.
And I thank you, Father, that today is
the day of salvation.
That today is the day of salvation. That
you said in your word, Lord, that no man
comes to the Father unless you're
calling them.
And I thank you, Lord, that
right now, even in their households,
wherever they're at, they could be
getting ready for bed. They're laying
their head down on the pillow. In
America, they're getting ready. Father,
I thank you that you would visit them in
the midnight hour.
I thank you, Father, for the visitations
and the manifestations of the glory
on our unsaved loved ones, and that they
would have a radical visitation of the
Spirit of God even in their sleep.
Thank you, Father.
Father, we give you praise for it right
now in Jesus'name. We call them born
again. We call them saved. We call them
baptized in the Holy Ghost—a radical
visitation in
Jesus'name.
Father, we plead the blood. We plead the
blood over our children. We plead the
blood over their schools. We cover them
in the
schools. We thank you, Lord, that
there's no shooting, no calamity that
comes nigh them.
I thank you, Father, right now in the
name of Jesus that as they go to school,
the angels of the Lord camp around and
about them in
Jesus'name.
We apply the blood of Jesus over every
college campus,
over the tailgate parties.
We thank you, Lord,
that the tailgate parties are all
covered in the name of Jesus, that no
shootings, no calamity, no nothing come
nigh our tailgate parties, that
as they go together, Father, they're
protected. Father, I thank you, Lord,
for the angels that are watching over
and around about our college
campuses in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Father. Father, I thank you,
Lord, in the name of Jesus. We thank
you, Father. We thank you, Father, for
the protection over our law enforcement,
over our homeland security, over our
FBI. Father, I pray over our FBI, over
our Secret Service, Father, that
their intel is always
sharp, that they're not distracted by
all kinds of people trying to pull on
them, having
false alarms. Father, I
pray that
they would have supernatural
discernment on which ones are legitimate
and which ones are just a distraction,
that they'll line up and they'll hear
you, Father, and they'll hear your voice,
and a stranger's voice they'll not
follow.
We thank you, Lord, for it in
Jesus'name.
We praise you, Father, that
the blood of Jesus covers
our law enforcement in Jesus'name. We
thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for
the blood. We thank you, Lord, for
covering our president, Father. And,
Father, we thank you, Lord, that there
are
no drones coming into our stadiums. There
no secret planned attacks. There's
nothing that shall come nigh us in
Jesus'name.
Over our Major League Baseball games,
over our NFL games, over our soccer,
or
whoever, we cover our stadiums in
the blood of Jesus.
And every plot, every plan, every
evil
evildoer
would be uncovered and exposed in the
name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that we are
rising
up as believers who rise up
and say, 'We've had enough of the mass
shootings.
We've had enough of people trying to
hurt us in the holiday season. We
will
not have it.
We will not have it.'We say, the Bible says, we wrestle not
against flesh and blood, but we wrestle
against principalities and powers
and spiritual wickedness in high places.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that we
take our dominion authority and they
will not touch our families. We
plead the blood. We apply the blood of
Jesus, the olive oil. We apply the blood
over our families
so
that
we're always in the right place at the
right time.
Every single one of us doing exactly
what you have us to do, God.
Father, if we get that
inward check, we feel that inside. We
say we don't feel peace, we go with our
peace. We go with the peace that passes
all understanding. We follow that peace
over us. Go and follow the peace that
passes all understanding over your
household.
We're led by our spirit.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we
would have somebody better rise up in
New York for mayor. That we wouldn't
have some radical leftist
Muslim
evil person, whoever it is,
rise up in our
mayor's office in New York. That we
would have a radical, Holy
Ghost-baptized
Christian get in there
and turn that mess around.
We thank you, Lord, that the people of
New York would rise up in the name of
Jesus and say, 'We've had
enough.'We
thank you, Father. We thank you,
Lord. We thank you, Father, for the
blood. We thank you, Lord, for the mercy
over our nation, that you said if my
people who are called by my name will
humble themselves and pray and turn from
their wicked ways, then we would
hear from heaven and you would heal our
land. We believe that, Father, that this
is a time like never before that we
would see a supernatural
turnaround in our country. We call a red
wave, a major red wave, not just of
politics, but of the blood of Jesus
Christ covering this land in the name of
Jesus, with a major move of God from sea
to shining sea, from the Gulf all the
way up to the Canadian border, and it would
saturate and overflow all over this land,
and we would have a major revival and we
would have a great stirring in our
churches once again.
We thank you, Lord, that it
would spread all throughout Asia, all
over South Korea and over North
Korea. We pray for a major revival over
North Korea in the name of Jesus, that
the dictator would be brought down in
Jesus'name.
And then Father, that we would
rise up and we would claim the
land for Jesus like Joshua and
Caleb, Father. We say enough's enough.
We will have this land for Jesus. The
Iron Curtain is coming down.
We thank you, Lord, that it's coming
forth in the name of Jesus all
throughout China, all
throughout Australia, all throughout
South America, all throughout Africa,
all throughout Europe. Father, I thank
you, Lord, for a Holy Ghost and fire
experience all throughout Europe in the
name of Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that you're stirring
in them.
And then
Father, we put a delay on the
Antichrist agenda with all these things,
digital ID, as we see the days
approaching, as the birthing pains are
going back-to-back. Father, we want a
revival.
We want a major harvest of souls.
And we thank you, Lord, that people
get their head out of the sand and
they say, 'Hey,
I've taken a stand for Jesus. I'm
taking
a stand for Jesus
tonight.'We
thank you, Lord, for Mexico. We
thank you, Lord, for the Latinos.
Father, there'll be a major move of God
all throughout the Latina community.
Father,
I pray over our southern border and all
the trafficking and all the children
that are being bound by the
trade industry.
Father, they would be found and brought
home to their families,
or for the ones that are not in good families,
Father, they would have a good family to
go to.
I thank you, Lord, that you're exposing
the darkness on our southern border and
all throughout Europe. All this sex trade
industry would be exposed in the name of
Jesus by our FBI and by our
Homeland Security and our Border
Patrol. Father, that they would expose the
darkness and the trafficking of
these little children.
I thank you, Lord,
that they do not touch the
children. You said it would be better
for them not to have even been born.
And Father, we thank you, Lord. We thank
you, Father, that you're
helping to rescue these little girls and
these boys.
You're rescuing them, Father, out of the
hellhole that they're in. You rescue
them, Father. I thank you, Lord, that
you're exposing the darkness, and
our law
enforcement would see it and they would
say,
'I just have a feeling.
I just think there's something
over there.'And they have the inward
knowing, but it's the Holy Spirit
whispering, 'Go over there. Those little
kids are over there. They're
over
there.'And
Father, they'll be obedient even in
the midnight hour. They'll have dreams,
they'll have visions, they'll see.
Father, I thank you, Lord, where these
children are.
I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Father, that everybody on
the Epstein list and all these things
will be exposed.
I call for an exposing of the darkness in
this nation.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we're
rising up and there's a blessing. As we
bless Israel, we line up and we pray for
Israel. We pray for Jerusalem. We pray
for the peace of Jerusalem. We say
there's no hidden, another October
7th-style
attack coming,
that everything would be uncovered with
these biological weapons that you showed
me they would try to use in the days
ahead, that you would uncover these
50-gallon drums. You would uncover any
kind of mass attacks over Israel in
the name of Jesus. We call for an exposing
of darkness from Iran and from
the darkness in Syria, and over any other,
Jordan, or whoever. Father, I thank you
over Egypt, wherever they may be, Gaza.
Father, I thank you, Lord, there's an
exposing of terrorist activity, and
Father, I thank you, Lord, that
we'll have peace in the
Middle East, peace in Jerusalem, peace
in these areas in
Jesus'name.
Father, I thank you for revival,
as
my heart tonight is revival,
and we thank you, Father, for the
revival upon our land.
We pray over Mel Gibson and over this
new movie that he's making. I thank you,
Lord, that there's no delay,
that he would be able to do this movie
and it would reach the lost for Jesus. A
major move of God would happen in the
theaters like you showed us was coming.
A major move of God would come in the
movie theaters, and there would
be a Holy Ghost experience even in AMC
movie
theaters,
in the Tinseltowns and all around.
Father, there would be a major move of
God.
Whoever does the film or sponsors it,
Father, would have a major move.
But he has to get it made first.
So, Father, we just pray a
protection around him, Father, that he
would stick
closest to the Bible and not deviate
from it.
That he would stick to the word and not
deviate from it and make it into some
kind of mockery.
I thank you, Lord, that he would stick
to the word and not make it a mockery,
that it would not be
way over here and not even line
up with the word of God. But, Father, it
would be
a witnessing tool for the end
times—a
witnessing tool for the end times, for
the funding to be there and the right
actors to be there. Not bad actors,
but good ones that would be able to
not just move by their own ability to
act, but with the Holy Ghost behind it.
Holy Ghost-inspired acting.
Holy
Spirit-inspired
music. Creative songs, songs from the
heavens,
Father, that would be worship like
we've never heard before. We're calling
for
worship like we've never heard before:
heavenly sounds,
creative ideas for new sounds,
worship that would bring down
the glory in a way that we've never seen
before in our church services.
I thank you, Father, for raising up new
worship leaders
that are not about fame and money, but
just about giving God
glory—worship
leaders that are not about
the
praise of man, but about praising Jesus.
Songwriters and song leaders, Father,
with the Holy Ghost and fire
on
their marriages, too, but on their
ministries as well.
Holy Ghost and fire on their ministries.
A new sound,
a new sound of worship,
new words, new impartation, and
divine revelation of the glory of God
like we've never seen before.
We thank you, Father,
that you've chosen us,
Lord, for such a
time as this. We
are
those people, we
the closers,
and
you're
raising up Davids, Hannahs,
Esthers, and Joshuas. And,
Father, you're raising them up. Father,
you
say, like the Gideons who say,
'I'm nothing, Lord. I don't
know how, but God,
your
super is on my natural. I can do
anything.'That's
the kind of people
that God's going to use to just say,
'Yes, here am
I.'I
thank you, Father, for impartation
tonight
for every single person who's watching
this, Father, that you're fanning that
flame
on the
inside of them.
That you're raising up that
fire on the inside of them,
so
that they have courage to go and speak
the good news and be the John the
Baptists
of this generation, telling
everybody that there's a Savior coming.
Jesus Christ is coming,
and they would not
shrink back. They would not cower back
and be afraid of man's opinion and all
the persecution that comes with being
bold about our faith.
But they would look at us and say,
'There's authenticity about
it.
You're authentic. There's
something about you that's
different.'The
John Wesleys of our generation, the
Smith Wigglesworths of this
generation, the
Aimee
Semple McPhersons, the Rachel
Tefatellers,
the great
generals of the past, Father, that we
would have people that shine in
this generation. They say, 'You know
what?
They're just born
leaders.'I
believe there are just born leaders
rising up right
now—leaders,
not cowards, leaders like Charlie was,
leaders that are
anointed for such a time as this.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for
it—for
revival in Minnesota, revival in
Colorado Springs, revival in
Oklahoma City, revival in Tulsa, revival
in Fort Worth, Texas, revival in
Tennessee, revival in Miami, revival
in LA, revival in Phoenix, Arizona,
Father, in Denver, Colorado, and all the
areas. Father, in South Korea and
all the areas, Father, we're believing
for revival across it
and
in Canada,
France, Germany—Father, we could go on
and on—but in every single place,
Father, we thank you, Lord, that
you're not leaving one of us out.
Not one of us will be left out. We're
all participating, all excited, and have
expectation for what you're about to
do in our lives.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that every plot, every
plan, every evildoer is exposed and
brought to justice in
Jesus'name.
Every
evildoer—there's
no rock they can hide
under, there's no cave they can
hide in, there's no hotel,
no apartment complex, no woods that
are
too
deep;
every place is found and they are brought to
justice. No matter how hard they try to
hide, they'll be brought to justice in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Father, for the holiday
season that's coming as we enter into
the fourth quarter and the next
two
here in Central America.
We enter into the fourth quarter, and I
thank you, Father, that this will be the
most prosperous time we've seen in
Jesus'name,
that
the
bank account of
everybody
listening to you, Father,
will overflow,
that they'll lack no good
thing—not
just to buy blessings for
ourselves, but
to spread the gospel throughout the
whole world.
Father, that we would be end-time
distribution centers of financial glory,
that there will be no lack of any good
thing, and that every believing believer
will have a bountiful overflow, harvest,
and supply. Everything they're
believing for will come in the name of
Jesus. This would be a time of
seedtime
and harvest, and the
harvesters and the sowers will reap and
go hand in hand.
It won't be, 'Well, we sowed it and
ten
years later.'No, it's seed, harvest, sow,
harvest, reap, reap, reap, reap,
sow, sow, and it just goes like
a freight train.
Wouldn't that be amazing?
You
see that all the time. I'm just
believing for that
for every single one of us. But it would
start with the fourth quarter.
We will lack no good thing in the name
of Jesus.
Every single one of us will have a
bountiful supply in
Jesus'name
with creative ideas—creative ideas
where
God would speak to us and say,
'Listen, if you do this and you do that,
you'll
be in that place
of
overflow.'Father,
I thank you, Lord, that
silver
would skyrocket, gold
would
skyrocket. Father, there will be supernatural
things that shoot up, and we go,
'Wow, look at what God
did!'Thank
you, Lord,
for
everything you have in store for us, as
you said, 'Beloved, I wish above all
things that you prosper and be in health,
even as your soul
prospers.'That
we're prosperous inside of
us—in
our minds, our wills, and our
emotions—and
people see that we're sound
and they go, 'Man, there's just
something different about
you.'And
you say, 'Yes, it's Jesus.
It's just Jesus.''Man, you all look
like you have a great marriage.
Your kids are always so
happy.''Yeah,
it's just Jesus.
It's just Jesus.
Our homes are blessed because of
Jesus.'The
world is looking for authentic.
The Bible says the eyes of the Lord
run
to and fro throughout the whole
earth, looking for a heart that
is
perfect toward Him.
I thank you, Lord, that Your eyes can
rest upon our household today,
that Your eyes don't have to look anymore,
and
that You say, 'I found what I was
looking for.
I found it. It's right there.
I can use them right there.'The eyes of
the Lord run to and fro
throughout the whole earth, looking for a
heart that is perfect toward Him.
I thank you, Lord,
that You're able to rest on us tonight
and say, 'I found somebody.
I found somebody.
I
found
somebody.'For
blessed are the pure in heart, for
they will see God.
And You say, 'I found somebody.
I found my next
David.'He
was a man
after His own heart; God
looked at David and said, 'I see
something in
him.'You
see something in us, Lord.
Create in us a clean heart, Lord.
Create us a clean heart.
Purify our heart, Lord,
like refining of gold.
Purify us, Father.
Was
it Billy Burke who gave us
Revelation 3?
Yeah.
You can find that. Read that to them.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
that you're purifying us
and we're going from glory to glory.
We desire to be more like you, Lord.
We desire to be more like you.
Glory to God.
If he did it once, he'll
do it again.
God blessed me once and he will do it
again.
He blessed me once and he will do it
Do
you believe that? It's like when he
said,
"Pick up the shovel and dig another
well."He
picked up the shovel.
Shelley
would have to sing that song. I don't
know all the words, but I love that
song. He's talking about picking up a
shovel and dig another well,
you know.
Do you see it? Hold on.
Oh, I'm so sorry. I just coughed and
blew your page over.
That was rude.
Thank you, Father. I was looking—we're looking
for a scripture to give you
because
we're talking about the Lord
refining us,
refining like pure gold.
It goes through the fire
and the more it goes through the fire,
it pulls out the impurities.
And a lot of people don't want to go
through the fire and get the impurities
pulled out. But I'm going to tell
you this,
it's what's required to go through the
greater glory,
the fire.
And I believe there's a lot of us that
have already been through the fire and
we've just been in holding.
It's not time yet, but you've
been through the refiner. You're going
through refining all the time, but
you've been through so much refining and
you're just waiting for
it—it's
like "put me in the game, coach."And the coach
says,
"You, number
45, get out
there."That's
what he's about to say.
You've been in reserve
and God is bringing in the A-game,
the A-team.
And he's saying, "You,
all of you watching, you're in the
game now. Let's run this thing."And the
older that have been in
the game are going to sit down and
be able to take a rest for a little bit.
And they'll coach, help us on the
sideline being cheerleaders,
saying,
"Listen, you guys got this. Run. Do
this. Let's finish
this."I
think it's this part right here.
It's Revelation 3.
Therefore, I counsel
you to purchase from me gold refined and
tested by fire that you may be truly
wealthy and white clothes to clothe you
and to keep the shame of your nudity
from being seen and
salve to put on your eyes that you may
see.
Those whom I love, I tell their faults
and convict and convince and reprove
and chasten.
So be enthusiastic and earnest and
burning with zeal and repent. Behold, I
stand at the door and knock. And if
anyone hears and listens to and heeds my
voice and opens the door, I will come
into
him and will eat with him and he with
me.
He who overcomes is victorious. I will
grant him to sit beside me
on my throne as I myself overcame and
sat down beside my father on his throne.
He who is able to hear, let him
listen and heed what the Holy Spirit
says.
Could you all hear that? Her voice
is pretty soft.
Sorry.
But he even said, "I stand at the
door and
knock."That's
why I see him
like that all the time. He's
knocking on the door of your heart. And
it says, "Refining as
gold."As
fire refines gold, ladies and
gentlemen, that's what God is refining
us. And I believe a lot of us have
already been in that fire. And he's
purifying our hearts, making us as pure
gold before him.
That we are that people, that generation
that will not taste death.
That we are the generation that will
say, "Hey,
we're the
closers."I
was worried when one day I was talking to
him about Megan thing and he
said,
"Braden,
you're the closers. You're the
generation that will not taste
death."I
truly believe that
this generation will not pass before the
Son of Man returns.
So refine us, Lord, like gold.
Purify us, oh God, just like gold and
silver. Purify us.
And it's only by the fire, Lord. And I
know it's probably uncomfortable to the
flesh,
but it's what's required.
Yeah. So whenever he's saying,
"purchase from me gold refined and tested
by fire,"you're just asking him. It's
ask of me.
Ask of me
purchase. That was Revelation
3.
To be refined.
It's all about being refined.
That's why I said to go in the greater
glory. These sufferings are for the
greater glory. It goes over and over
and over of all the things the Lord
brought out to us about how going through
refining brings you to the greater
glory.
It's refining.
And many of you have already been going
through that refining. He's not going to
say, "Well, it's time for the glory
now."No,
it was already happening
years ago. We've been going through
refining for
a long time. You look at it and say,
"And it's still happening still with
all this."He said, "You know, Brandon,
no matter how much it is, keep looking at
me. You know, if people persecute you,
keep looking at me. Don't worry about if
they hurt your feelings, you know,
the
main
thing."It's
like my dear friend said, "don't
be a whiner.
Don't be a whiner. You can't be a
whiner and be in the big
leagues, you know.
Don't be
a whiner. You got to be in the big
leagues. You can't be in the big leagues
and be a
whiner."Well,
this is happening, that's
happening. Who cares?
Stop. Stop looking at it. There is no pity
party,
you know. Don't have a pity party. Go
through
Revelation
and look at that.
Meditate on that. There
are
other ones there. I know there's
other refining. I had that whole list
of
the ones that we looked at.
Going through the greater
glory—that
all of it's attached to the greater
glory. And I just believe there's a lot.
Like
I said, it's not about what we're going
through now. We've already been—a lot of
us have been through it.
We've been through the valley of the
shadow of death and we fear no
evil. We're coming out on the other side
and we look better than we've ever
looked. I love what Kim Clement always
says, "I'm somewhere in the future. And I
look much better than I look right now."I love "I'm somewhere in the future."I say, "Oh, that's perfect. Let's do it."And I look much better than I look
right now.
That song he sang. Yes. I
just—man,
I miss him.
How
amazing if he were still
here.
What would the Lord be
revealing to him now?
Kim?
Yes.
But he's raising up new voices.
He's raising up new voices where one
general goes home. Doesn't mean the job
was done. He just says, "I raised up a
new general to put in that position to
say, 'Listen, run.
Finish the
race.'"Doesn't
mean the war's won. It's not
over. He just raised up new voices,
new Kim Clement, new people
for this generation.
Well, who wants to go tubing a little
bit more? I prayed a lot in English
tonight for those because I did that
for the translation videos
because
it's easier, because you can't translate
tongues.
So, I do these videos so the other
channels can pray in English with us.
But we prayed in English, so now
our other German channel, the
Chinese channel, all the others, they
can translate that into English. They
can pray that for their homes. So it's
a lot easier for them
because
you can't translate
tongues.
You can take a little break if you want
to. I'll just pray in the spirit with
them a little bit.
If you need to take a break, you can.
I'll pray in tongues
for 30 minutes and then we'll end it
there. But my voice is still good for
right now. I
may
have to drink a little
water because I talk loud. Everybody
says,
"I can't hear you. I can't hear
you."And
then some people say,
"You're too loud."I say, "Well,
turn me down then because there
have so many people say 'I can't hear
you.'"I'm
like, "I don't know what to
do."Oh,
I'm glad I'm here. I'm here.
You can hear me. Do you hear
me? You say, "Braden, you're too
loud."Diana's
too soft. I can't hear
her."I
said,
"We try either way."I say,
"She's soft."I feel like I'm
talking a
lot.
She's tender.
I turn it up, and when you start
talking, it goes through. I'm like, "Oh,
no. You
missed it."She's
like,
"Ah,
Brandon, you're too
loud."Oh,
no. But
she's—we
don't—I
love you, baby. I'm sorry.
All right. Let's pray a little—I'll pray
a little bit more, but I'm going to pray in
tongues. I'm not going to pray in
English anymore. Okay, because I don't have—I've done it. I don't have
anything
else
for you in English.
I gave you everything.
We prayed over everything. We had a big old—so now we've got to pray
in tongues.
It's a lot easier to pray in tongues.
It's a lot easier for me. I can coast a
long way in tongues. But you praying in
English, you digging it up.
We only have so many English words.
It's all Spirit. It's all Holy Ghost.
But I go, "Okay,
so
make
sure."I
don't know who this is for,
but as I was praying right then, I saw a
semi on fire on a highway.
I saw a semi and a major crash on a
highway.
You say, "Well, what is
that?"But
there's something about this
crash.
So, I'm going to keep praying into it,
but I see the semi is on fire.
And it's
a major fire on this highway.
And it's during the
daytime.
This is outside. It's during the
daytime. I try to see
around the surroundings around it, but
I've not known exactly where this is.
Every person that is involved, Father, I
call protection around them
that this would not happen.
Whatever you're showing me about this
semi,
whatever whoever all these other cars
are right here,
I thank you, Father, that you're
bringing a hedge of protection around
and about these people on this highway.
I thank you, Father, for supernatural
protection all around this highway right
now in the name of Jesus.
No weapon
formed against us would prosper.
We call in the rain.
We call in the rain, and we rebuke
drought in the name of Jesus.
We call in
the rain, the rain over the weather.
We're calling it in right now in the
name of Jesus for weather warfare,
drought.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for
your rain.
I see that ground is so
dry.
I see tractors, big John Deere tractors
tilling land, and it's dry.
Now
this looks like Texas, like all this
flat area,
praying into the weather, praying into
the rain.
Remember I told you, weather warfare,
when it comes to drought and major
winter,
frozen cattle
standing upright,
frozen—I'm
talking frozen
solid—unusual
cold,
unusual winter storms,
cold Siberian air,
and this is America that I'm seeing. I'm
looking at America,
and we call for, Father,
a changing of the jet streams
that, Father, these major Arctic Siberian
blasts would not come down like that
for long extended times,
dangerous cold
where people are not used to it.
People in the South aren't used to cold
like this.
But a lot of the
people down here are not used to
negatives
where it gets so cold, and it's pipes
bursting, and
the cattle die.
When you're looking into that, I just
look at it and say, "That's
interesting."Weather
manipulation, weather warfare,
praying over our president, praying
over our leaders, praying over our
economy, praying, Father, over our
housing markets,
over our leaders, and over this budget
bill.
We'll pray in English, we'll pray in tongues over
that, that they'll extend this.
Shutting down the economy, doing all
these things, trying to disrupt the
economy.
We thank you, Lord,
for
coming into agreement, Lord.
Yes, Lord,
I hear you.
Get out of the way.
Have your own way. Lord,
what is this you want to say?
I just rest.
I dance.
You lead, I follow.
Father,
you lead, I follow.
There's levels of prayer.
There's levels of prayer he's talking to
me about right now. There
are
very surface
levels.
There's
the surface of what you see in the
natural, and you pray into it.
He said many times, like what I
was just doing,
you're praying what you can know in your
natural mind and your intellect.
But there's a place in God
that is a deeper level of prayer, that
you have to go to the deeper well.
And he said, "What you've done so far
tonight has been very surface."He was
correcting me.
He said, "You've been very surface
tonight, but if you would like, I'll
take you to the deeper well.
I'll take you down to the deeper well,
but it is a place
where you're dead to self.
You lose track of
yourself."He
said, "Come and drink in the deeper
well,
and I'll show you that which is to come.
You can pray on the surface,
and it's like putting out the
fires,
or you can stop the fires before they
start."There's
a place in God Satan dare not
go.
It's in the deeper flow.
There's so much surface in prayer.
That's what he was just saying.
"Well, you've said so much surface prayer
tonight.
Good job,
but there is a place that is deeper.
Will you let me lead and you
follow?"is
what he said to me.
"Will you let me lead and you
follow?"There's
a lot
that seems right to the
natural mind. You think, "Well, I'm praying
over all this stuff on
the surface."I'm
just teaching you as I go because
of
the way he's rebuking me.
I get corrected a lot, y'all.
I walk a very fine
line with things
Diana
knows,
and here I am. It's like you
can pray surface, but it's like, "Shut up.
Are you done
with all this up here? Are you done?
Are you
tired
yet?"Because
so many people are praying so
much natural, is what he's saying.
Praying so much flesh.
"But you can go deep
into the intimacy of the Father.
Stop praying so much out of
here."That's
what he was just saying to me.
"Pray here.
Come here,
Brandon.
Come here.
Pray from here. Stop praying out of
here. Oh, we got to pray over this,
pray over that."And he said, "Then you
see,"and
he goes, "The vision you saw,
even that is just surface.
There's much more to this. Come
deeper."See,
I mean immediately the anointing
shifts. You can feel it.
You feel what I'm saying, baby?
Instantaneous. I feel it.
And I sit there and go,
it's just a slight correction.
It's just a slight correction.
You're going this way, and
it's
a slight correction.
It's not a hurry.
It's not a rush.
It's that still, small voice on the
inside of you.
He's talking about
what's happening with great ministries
around the world.
There's a cleaning of a house coming.
People who have huge platforms.
He said this before, but when I'm
praying and I see a certain ministry, and
I'm not going to talk
about it,
but I see a certain ministry
that is very well known.
And as I'm seeing and I'm praying
into this well-known ministry,
he's taking a sponge and
he's about to clean this
thing,
and it's going to look totally
different than what it does right
now.
There'll be people that are plucked up
and moved.
There'll be people that are plucked up.
They'll be moved.
They're going to go home.
Some of them
who
are there for the
wrong reasons
will be
removed. They'll lose their
position of authority and jobs,
and they'll go and do something else.
For judgment begins in the house of the
Lord first,
and He's cleaning His church.
He's cleaning
megachurches;
He's cleaning His bride,
and He's drawing them closer to His
side.
There's a cleaning
of the bride. As He draws you
close to His side,
a refining you will see.
And this is a worldwide thing.
There's sin in the camp;
there's a spot,
there's a wrinkle on the dress.
But He's purifying that church. He's
bringing you close to His side.
Too much pride, too much ego.
I hear Him
say,
'They're so stiff-necked.'I see it.
He said, 'They're so
stiff-necked
that they can't
even look up anymore.
Their
back is
stiff.'That's
what I saw. They can
only look right or to the left, but they
can't look to Him
because they've got so much of themselves
reserved
for
themselves.
But I see the dawning of a new day,
new voices. He said, 'Pray for these new
voices.
Pray for the new voices,
Brandon.
There are new leaders, new voices that
are rising
up.'I
see pure faces.
They look like they
have a good countenance on their face.
They are just coming out of a great
refining fire, a lot of them,
and they are just excited about
ministry.
There's no taint, there's no,
you know, whenever you become
calloused...
I see so much callousness on people
because of war wounds,
because of the war wounds that are
on these elders.
You become callous in the heart; you
become cynical. That's the word the Lord
sent
you: 'You become
cynical.'The
Lord said, 'You can't be
cynical
looking at these babies that are coming
in.'There
are many, many babies that are
coming in,
a lot of unsaved that will become saved.
You cannot be cynical to
these babies.
Handle the babies with care.
Handle the babies with care. There's a
lot of babies, a lot of people that
would never
cross the threshold of the church, come
into the doorway of the church.
They'll come,
but handle the babies with care.
'Be patient with My
babies,'that's
what He says.
You become cynical and hard
because you're
a
weathered warrior.
When
you see so much death,
so much tragedy and war,
you're a
warrior that has been
war-torn,
just worn out. A lot of these
elders have been through the trenches
for 50 or 60 years, and you become
callous to
it—seasoned,
even more than seasoned. But
what I'm seeing is you become callous,
hardened. You've got
to be pliable. But this is what
the Lord said: 'These fresh faces, He's
bringing up fresh faces with
a
brand-new
fount
of
excitement.'They
may be wet behind the ears a little bit,
a
snot-nosed kid—that's what
I'm talking about. You go, 'Oh,
you know...'but
they're just excited to
be in the game.
Because the babies are coming.
There's a great harvest that is coming,
and they're not going to be what you
expect. They're going to be people that
have been in
transition. They don't know if they're a
girl or a boy. They
got all kinds of stuff going on with them,
just got demonic attachments,
strung out on weirdness,
and they're coming. They're just going
to be curious and they're hungry.
He'll
say, 'Be patient with My babies,
for you were once a
baby.'Maybe
not to the extreme of what you see
them,
but be patient with My babies,
for they're coming in all different
kinds of lifestyles,
all different kinds of
backgrounds,
and they're not always going to fit your
religious mold
of what you think they should be.
'Be patient,'I hear Him say, 'with My
babies.'They're
coming from everywhere.
You can't be gruff.
Show love.
Love never fails.
Allow the Holy Spirit to use you
and flow through you to help them.
People were patient with you.
Don't be
a
cranky old
Susie Clipboard or whatever. You know,
you got to just show the love of God to
folks.
I see an abundant harvest coming,
but we've got to treat them
real tender. Some of them
are
just so
fragile—look
at them, a fragile egg.
Just love on them;
just show them love. They're just
wanting love.
They're coming.
What will you do with the harvest that
I've given you?
Train them up in discipleship,
love on them, wash them, help them.
They're coming.
The Lord said there's a major
shaking about to
take place,
but a lot of the preconceived ideas of
how we do church are going to be
changed. And I'm telling you, a
fresh, fresh wave of His glory.
Where sin abounds, grace does much more
abound. Watch what He does
with the glory. He didn't heal the
saved; He came to set the captives
free, but He healed the people
that were just sinners.
Not Christians—it wasn't a Christian,
like
the lady at the well. He
hadn't gone
to the cross yet.
Think about it: the woman at the
well, she was
sleeping with all those other men,
and He said, 'What about all the other
husbands?'And
her
story was,
'Go and sin no more,'but He was
just there loving her. He didn't beat
her up,
like,
'Well,
you must be really promiscuous, lady.
You must be really just a real
you-know-what.'And
she looked at
Him,
going, 'Man, You must
be a prophet.'Do you understand? That's
the kind of people the Lord is showing.
There's going to be some people
who
would never cross over
the threshold of a church. They'll come
into
the doorway, and you're going
to have to love on them.
And there'll be church unusual that is
not inside a church building. They'll be
in fields because some of
those
folks would never even come to church
because they've been hurt by the church
so much,
and they're going to come to a revival
like a Holy Ghost Woodstock. They're
going to give their lives—maybe in an auditorium
like Erica's going to do, and she has a
major auditorium full, and they come
there and they just get a touch from
God. They fall
out and they go, 'What just
happened to me?'Because it wasn't a
church, it was just an auditorium.
They'll go to an auditorium, a
concert,
and they're going to experience God at a
concert. They're going to experience
heavenly worship. They're going to
experience it at a place where you would
go,
'Well, that's an unholy place, a movie
theater.''Be
patient
with My babies,
for you were once a baby.
Be patient with them,'that's what He
says. 'Be
patient.'He
said, 'Brandon, I said be
patient.'I
didn't say, 'Be careful.''Be
patient.'He
said, 'I said be patient with My babies,
Brandon.
I didn't say careful;
I said be
patient.'Father,
we just love You.
It will be the weight of
His glory.
The weight of the glory,
the weight of the glory
upon meetings,
upon you.
A weight of the glory,
a weight of the glory
at
church unusual, in a fragrance like
you've never experienced
before—just
an explosion of His grace and His
love for you.
It will be an explosion of grace and His
love for you
as you see healings and demonstrations
and manifestations.
One
final push.
It's the goodness of God that draws men
to repentance.
It's the goodness of God,
but He's shaking to awaken. You'll look
around and go, 'What is going
on?'Listen,
it's getting people's attention.
Charlie, that got a lot of
attention. People waking up. Whoa. But
what you're about to see is a major push
for a
wake-up,
for He's standing at the door. Ladies
and gentlemen, Jesus Christ is standing
at the door.
Open the eyes of our hearts, Lord. We want to see
You. We want to see You.
Open the eyes of our hearts, Lord,
we want to see You,
to see You high and lifted up.
Father, we thank You,
Lord. A fresh touch.
Just one touch of the glory.
Just one touch, Lord, and we'll never be
the same.
Father, fill our cup tonight, Lord,
as
we pray from the deeper wells.
Heaven will invade earth like you've
never seen it before.
Heaven is invading earth.
I see it outside.
I can see it like at night in
the winter,
and you can feel the coldness of the
air,
but yet you see the cloud bank in
the sky.
It's like the glory covering the earth,
like
the glory.
I can feel the
crispness
of how it feels so crisp in the cold.
And it will
flow
throughout California. My
presence will flow. I see
a wave of the glory.
The greater the blue state, the greater
the harvest. And it will flow throughout
Asia, and it will flow throughout
Europe,
and it will flow through persecution,
and it will flow through the olive
press.
It will
flow,
a
great flow.
And then
popcorn will pop.
The glory will manifest in places that
will
be
unexpected.
I see a baseball game. I
see it in the middle of
unexpected events.
You're just there. Unusual places
in
unusual ways,
Church.
The
glory will manifest each day. Watch.
It's not structured;
it's just a flow.
Let the river flow.
And as you think that the
weight
is subsiding, like it's pulling back,
another one will come in
somewhere else
and it will be a fresh touch.
Glory to God. I see it
at
places of work and places of business,
office
complexes,
on
the blue collar, on the white collar,
at coffee shops,
and even at local pubs.
Watch
the greater glory.
People will walk in, and the glory of God will
come on them, and you'll go, 'What is
this?'And
then people will be drinking at the
bar, drunk, and they'll sober up, and the
power of God will knock them off their
bar stool, and they'll go,
'What is going on with
me?'Today
is
the day of salvation for you.
Today is the day of repentance for you.
You must know Jesus Christ as your Lord
and personal Savior.
That's why He said in casinos,
the Lord said they'll be doing the slot
machines and playing poker and blackjack,
and all of a sudden the glory is going to
come in there, and there'll be somebody
in the room next door having
a Holy Ghost meeting in there, trying to
draw the sinners in. And the glory
is
going to come into the whole casino,
and you'll go, 'What is going
on?'He's
visiting even the darkest, sinful
places
to say, 'Listen,
I love you.
I'm pulling you out of this mess. You
want to get out of this;
I want you to get out of this.
It'll be a grace
explosion.'As
I said, the Crips, the Bloods, the
bikers, all coming in neighborhoods,
walking in the deepest, darkest
places of Chicago, and the fire of God
hitting a block, and everybody in
that block gets the glory on them, and
they go, 'What
is going on around
here?'And
all the gang members get born
again. Expect big.
Expect big.
You go,
'Why would God do that?'Because He comes to
save that which is lost.
'I'm leaving the ninety-nine to go after the
one.'For
this is one last call.
The ark door is closing.
The crisp is in the air.
I can feel it.
A great shaking to awaken, you will see.
I even see a cruise ship,
a cruise ship
with the glory in the cruise ship,
and they're held captive in there. They
can't get away.
They're in those rooms. What are
they going to do? 'We've got to get off this
boat!'They're
sinners.
The glory of God is going to
come on a cruise ship. Wow, that's going
to be neat.
But they're held captive there
for a three-hour tour like Gilligan's
Island. They're going to be
on there for a whole day. On the
way back, you're like, 'How do I get out
of here?'They don't want to be there;
the glory of God is in there. And then
they get saved. You know, some people,
they like the devil they hold, but this is
going to be wonderful.
They're going to get
radically born again.
Glory to God.
When I saw that, I saw a boat in the
Gulf,
going out of Galveston. There's going to
be a glory ship coming out of Galveston.
That's where I saw it, just being more
of what I just saw in that vision. I saw
a boat leaving Galveston, and the glory
of God is going to go on a boat out of
Galveston, Texas.
That's where I saw it leaving.
And I'm telling you, the glory is going to go
on that boat in Galveston. I don't know
when it's going to happen, but I saw a
Royal Caribbean boat
leaving, and the glory of God
going
out of a cruise ship going out
of Galveston, Texas.
It was headed down towards
the
Costa Maya coast, that area,
Cozumel.
He
was going to Cozumel's area. I saw
a glory ship.
That's interesting, isn't it? Now, that's
what I see.
I was telling you there's a boat that's
going to have the glory on it.
Now, I'm not trying to promote Royal
Caribbean, but I'm trying to tell
you—you'll
go, 'Oh, he's trying
to sell boats.'No,
I'm not.
I'm trying to tell you
what I just saw by the glory of God. It
could be Carnival, so who knows? I'm
just saying. But it was royal.
Glory to God.
If you weren't here earlier, this
is
essential
oils—essential
oils,
salt and peppermint.
And I've been talking a while.
Glory to God. Thank you, Lord, for Your
healing. Thank you, Lord, that I'm
delivered. Thank you, Lord.
I feel His presence so strong. It's so
beautiful.
A refreshing is to come on you today.
'A refreshing on you today'is what He
said.
Just drink, drink from the well.
Thank you, Father.
We praise You, Father.
We give You glory for it
in the name of Jesus.
Hallelujah.
Father, is that all You had today? Is
that
all You want to do?
There's some—I'm telling you all,
tent revivals are coming back.
I'm telling you all, old revival,
old wells are becoming uncapped.
Old revival wells are coming uncapped.
You're about to see a new wave of the
glory like we've never seen before.
It's here. And I just keep saying it. He
said, 'It's not coming anymore, Brandon.
It's here.
Tap into it.
We're always pushing it down the road.
Oh, it's coming, it's
coming, it's coming.'As He corrected me
right then, because I'm so used to saying,
'It's coming.'And He said, 'No,
you're at the point of no return. You're
there. It's time to tap into
this.'You
can feel it. But
isn't it
interesting, because we have so
much verbiage? 'Well, it's coming, it's
coming. It's one day, it's
coming.'I'm
guilty of it. I just did it.
He said, 'No, it's not coming. It's here.'Start saying, 'The revival
is here.'It's not coming; it's
here. The cleansing of the church is here. The purifying of the church is here.
It's not coming.
A great shaking is here. A great
awakening is here.
That's what He just said. Stop saying
it's always coming, because it will always be
coming, down the road. No, say
it's here. We're living in it now.
It's happening. We're living in it now.
We're here now. It's time.
The great harvest.
We're at a place like we've never seen
before now.
Glory to God.
Well, praise the Lord. Well, we'll be
back again tomorrow.
I want to pray again tomorrow. I know
it's late. It's getting way late
now, and we're burning the
midnight oil,
but here in Central
America, but I just—I just am so
thankful that every single one of you
would show up tonight. I know I came on
late. It might be late tomorrow.
We were wanting to go
do something tomorrow night with
our pastor, but I said, "Well,
let's
do more prayer tomorrow. Maybe it won't
be as late as this. Hopefully, we'll
get out and it'll probably be around
the same time. I'm
just going to be real with you
because
usually
it might be probably around the same
time.
So,
it's when we have time to do it.
So, I apologize to you all. You all, the
ones that are not night owls
like us,
you all go to bed like at 7 o'clock,
8 o'clock.
That's not us. We stay up
late
and read, and it's
quiet. So,
we're so thankful for every single one
of you.
We're so grateful for every single one
of you. The people that love
on us, and the super thanks, and all the
things, y'all are so kind to us.
You know, I see the little things there.
Thank you. Thank you for always
being so loving to our family.
You are a huge
blessing to us. But we just want to
always come on and give Jesus glory. But
man, there's that vein tonight. I could
feel it, Diana. There's such a...
I feel it after he corrected me.
I just go, 'Ah, I wish I would have done
that earlier.'Tomorrow we'll hit it
faster. Say, 'Brandon, get out of
it. Stop praying from here. Pray from
here. Go down deep, fast.'I'm like,
don't waste people's time, but you got
to get yourself out of the way.
Just being real. You got to get
Brandon out of the way and
it flows. You go, 'Ah,
it's
just
cultivation.'So,
we love every single one of you. I know
it's late, like I said. God bless you
all. Thank you for joining us. We'll be
back tomorrow
and we'll pray again. And
we'll try to get
there faster. It's like, 'Oh Lord,
he's in
control,'and
it's like, 'Oh Lord, I'm
sorry.'So
God bless you all. If you could
subscribe to this one... yesterday, that
was
a stinky video. You didn't like that.
Don't say I was like, 'That was
no good.'But this one, I felt better
about this. I felt the spirit of the
Lord on this one. So I said, 'Thank
you, Lord. Get Brandon out of the
way. Get Jesus
in.'But,
subscribe, please. If you're here
and you've never been to one of
our prayer meetings, we always want
to ask you to subscribe because it helps
us with the algorithm.
Click the notification, click the like
button, do everything you can to help
us. And when that video is over and it
posts
again, comment something down
below so it gets in the
algorithm again,
because
this is live and it goes to a
different thing.
So, God bless you all.
Did it bless y'all tonight? Did you
enjoy that?
Did you get something out of it?
Yep.
They're saying yes.
Praise the Lord. Well, we're into
October the 1st.
Yes. Oh, welcome October. My favorite
month of the year. It's fall. Fall,
y'all. It's fall, y'all. We're
officially into real fall, y'all.
Isn't that wonderful? I love fall. Isn't
fall wonderful? I love the crisp
mornings. Yes. Crisp nights. It's
so...
fall is beautiful. The fall
colors,
everything's so beautiful. Well, put a
smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves
you so much and we love you. God bless
you all and we'll see you again
tomorrow. Bye-bye.